[**]
BOY & WOMAN:
* Row, row, row your boat
* Gently down the stream
* Merrily, merrily, merrily
Merrily, life is but a dream *
* Row, row, row your boat
Gently down the stream *
* And if you see a crocodile
Go ahead and scream *
[CHUCKLES]
I have to look for work.
No.
No?
But if I don't get a job,
we won't get our own place.
Then we can sing,
"Merrily, merrily,"
all day every day
and play Train Man.
No, Train Man now.
Choo-choo-choo.
MICHELLE:
Here we go. Go.
I'm gonna be the rotten egg.
Ah, you won.
Mom. Mom, I've got
to go, come on.
Come here, baby boy.
Come to Grandma.
If he's playing in the yard,
can you watch him?
And put him
down for a nap.
He'll be a grumpy
monster otherwise all day.
Enough.
I took care of you,
and you didn't get eaten
by tigers, did you?
You really wanna get
into that right now?
If you want a job,
you better get moving.
Joey, guess what.
When I get back today,
I'm gonna have a job.
Guess who's gonna bring you
the biggest present ever.
Me. Yeah.
[**]
MICHELLE: Here you go.
Okay.
I hope you don't mind,
but I've never worked
at a laundromat before.
I think you'd do good here.
Oh, yes, that's awesome.
Just one more blank
to fill in,
the year you graduated
high school.
Yeah. Well, I wanted to
finish high school
but I didn't have
nobody to watch my kid.
But I swear to you, if you
hire me, you won't be sorry.
Oh, honey.
I wish I could.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
[**]
[DOOR CREAKS]
Where's my mom?
She's supposed to
be watching him.
What are you playing with?
My goodness!
Come here, baby.
Carlos, no.
Let go of my mommy.
You little bastard!
[CLATTERING]
WOMAN [OVER PA]:
Dr. Johnson.
Ms. Knight,
may I speak with you?
Yeah.
SOCIAL WORKER:
The injuries your son suffered
are consistent with abuse.
No, no, no. I told the doctor,
he fell off the slide today.
Michelle, until we know that you
can provide a safer environment
I'm going to have
to recommend--
Please, don't take my son.
Please.
Michelle.
You don't understand.
He's...
He's so sensitive.
He needs me.
Like, he'll be crushed.
Please.
Please don't take my baby.
You can't just take
someone's baby from them.
It's not right.
[MICHELLE SOBBING]
[**]
Hey, Michelle.
You see Joey today?
Yeah, he's so amazing.
When's he gonna
be home?
They said now that
I'm out of my mom's house
living with my cousin,
social worker said two weeks.
Whoa, two weeks?
Mm-hm.
My hearing's on Tuesday.
I've been putting in
millions of applications.
And I already got three of them
that called me back.
Wow.
I know.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
It's my dad. Listen to
what a goofball he is.
MAN:
Hey. You ready to go?
Because I'm heading down 45th,
fixing to pick you up.
I'm on the porch.
I'll see you
in a second, mija.
[LAUGHS]
Wow.
A dad that's still
around, huh?
What a concept.
We're not, like,
that perfect family.
All right.
I'll see you. Good luck
at your court hearing.
Okay, bye.
[UPBEAT MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
[UPBEAT POP MUSIC
[PHONE RINGS]
Hello.
BARBARA: It's me.
You almost here?
I'm not gonna make it.
What?
Well, I'm sorry.
I just lost track of the time.
You lost track of the time?
If I don't get to court on time,
they'll report me.
It's only 11:00.
You have till 2.
I'll just get myself there.
But honey--
[**]
WOMAN:
Hi. I'm just looking
for the scarves.
CLERK: Right back in the corner.
WOMAN: Bandannas.
Excuse me.
Hi.
Do you know where
I have no idea.
Okay.
Sorry.
I know where it is.
You know--
Wait, I know you.
Emily's dad.
I live right near to her mom.
You know where this address is?
Uh-huh. It's a 45-minute walk
from here, at least.
Forty-five minutes?
Oh, man.
I only have 30 minutes
to get to my kid.
He's in foster care
and I have meetings
with the social workers.
If I don't get there soon,
I'll lose him for longer.
I can give you a ride.
I can have you there
like in 10 minutes.
Really?
Mm-hm.
After your appointment, I can
take you and Emily to the mall.
And I've got really
cold AC in my truck.
In fact, it's so cold,
that's my initials. A.C.
Ariel Castro.
Oh.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
Okay.
Come on.
Oh. It looks like
you live in here.
[LAUGHS]
I'm a bachelor.
I just had a great idea. Does
your little boy like puppies?
Yeah, he loves all
types of animals.
My dog just had puppies,
and there's a few left
in the litter.
Think of his little face when
he sees a cute little puppy.
It'll only take
a half a minute,
and I'll still get you
there early, I swear.
Oh, no, no, no, I can't be late
for this appointment. I'm sorry.
Hey, no worries.
I will get you to
your social workers
with time to spare.
Okay, all right.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[**]
[DOG BARKING AND WHINING]
[SMACKS LIPS]
Sorry, it wouldn't open
from the inside.
Oh, I have to fix that.
Oh.
Oh, is that her?
She's so cool.
It's Maxine.
Is she friendly?
Yeah.
She's a beauty, huh?
Hi.
Hi, pretty.
Why isn't she upstairs
with her babies?
Oh, even mamas need a break
every once in a while.
You gotta see the puppies.
Little, little babies.
Okay.
Um, can we be really quick?
Yeah.
Hi.
The bachelor's life.
I don't really get a chance
to clean up much.
You have a lot
of stuff here.
Uh, the puppies are up here.
I don't want to bring them down.
They'll go running around loose
and then they'll get out.
Okay.
This way.
There's Emily.
Oh, that's a cute picture.
[**]
Through here.
In the pink room.
They're probably snoozing
right now.
But that's
when they're the cutest,
when they're all snuggled
up together.
Where are they?
[MICHELLE GRUNTING]
No, please don't hurt me.
Listen, listen. Don't move.
What are you doing?
I have to go pick up my son!
Please!
I have to go! I have to go!
I have to go!
I won't tell you again.
You don't move.
Why are you
doing this to me?
[SOBBING]
You don't understand.
Shut up.
I'm gonna be so late.
Ow! I gotta get-
- Why?
[GASPING]
I wasn't planning
to kill you.
But if you don't shut up,
that could change.
Please.
No.
[ZIPPER UNZIPS]
You're only gonna be here
for a little while.
So I just want us
to be friends.
My bitch wife,
she took my kids away. Oh.
I just want someone
to be here for me.
I need you.
[**]
Oh.
[ZIPPER ZIPS]
[CHUCKLES]
What's this?
How old are you?
I'm 21.
Jeez. I thought
you were 15.
Hey.
What a cute kid.
No, please,
that's my only one. Please.
No.
[SOBS]
Shut up.
Oh, please. You--
Oh! Ow!
Shut up.
[GASPING]
Our Father, who art in heaven...
You stop making noise.
...your will be done
on earth as it is in--
[TAPE TEARING]
Just so you know
in case you think
that these ropes
and these locks,
that it's not enough.
Huh?
If I shot you right now
I would be missing out
on a whole lot of fun.
But don't think
that I won't do it.
You see?
It's loaded, you see?
Mm.
Okay.
[MUFFLED GRUNTING]
[MUFFLED SOBBING]
[IN MUFFLED VOICE]
Help me. Help me.
Help me.
Shh. Stay.
Stay.
[LOCK CLICKS]
Help me. Help me.
In here. In here.
Help me.
Please help me.
[FOOTSTEPS]
[KEYS JINGLE THEN LOCK CLICKS]
MARIO:
Hola, Ariel.
Afternoon, Mario.
[**]
[BELL TOLLS IN DISTANCE]
[SOBBING]
[SIREN WAILING]
[GASPS]
Is this the first time
she hasn't come home?
No, but she wouldn't miss her
appointment at Social Services
unless there was
something wrong.
Any chance this is all
just too much for her
and she just simply took off?
Just give us a call
if you hear from her, all right?
Have a good day, ma'am.
[FOOTSTEPS]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[GRUNTS]
Hey, hey.
I got you my favorite.
See?
Unh. Come on. Hey.
No, I--
Okay, you're gonna be hungry.
Will you please let me go?
[GROANING]
Come on, get up.
Come on.
[**]
Oh!
No.
Please, please, please. Unh!
No. Please.
If you let me go,
I won't say anything.
You shut up.
[ZIPPER UNZIPS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
This is payment
for your services.
Huh? I'm gonna keep
it in here.
* Gently down the stream
* Merrily, merrily, merrily
Merrily, life is but a dream *
My daughter Emily
said...
everybody thinks that you
freaked out
and you took off.
You abandoned
your little boy.
You.
[LAUGHS]
There's no posters on poles.
No, uh...
no search parties.
Do you know what that means?
Hey.
I can do whatever
I want with you.
I'm all you got.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[FOOTSTEPS]
CASTRO:
Mama.
[CASTRO'S MOTHER
SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[**]
Help me.
[CONTINUES SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[CASTRO SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[CASTRO LAUGHS]
CASTRO:
A smart one.
[LAUGHS]
I'm not worried.
You'll learn.
Eat.
Look, my mother made it.
It's not poison. Look.
Mm.
It's good.
It's really good.
It smells good.
See?
If I was gonna kill you,
I would just shoot you
with my gun.
Here.
Come on.
Ah. Good girl.
Good girl. Good.
Good.
Here.
[BAND PLAYING UPBEAT TUNE]
Watch your timing on the E
right there at the end there.
Oye, Pie,
watch your own timing.
[PLAYS RIFF]
[LAUGHS]
What's got you so happy?
Sex on a shelf, bro.
[LAUGHS]
Come on, let's do this.
One, two, three, and--
[BAND RESUMES PLAYING]
I wish I didn't have
to hurt you.
But I can't help it.
I got molested
by someone who was supposed
to be watching out for me.
And nobody did nothing about it.
[CASTRO SOBBING]
Hey, hey.
It's okay.
I'm sorry that you had
to suffer like that.
You know that
because you was hurt
doesn't mean you have to
hurt people back, you know.
Imagine if someone was
doing this to your daughter.
Hm?
You know, if you let me go right
now, I would never tell anybody.
I would just say I got in,
like, an accident
and passed out and...
And I swear to you, it is.
It's what I would say.
[**]
[IN SOUTHERN ACCENT]
Well, that sounds like
a really good idea.
I got me a real little
sharp one here, huh?
Yeah.
When do you feel
like doing this?
Right now,
right this second?
What?
Come on.
Come on, girl.
Get up.
Okay. I can't walk very well,
though.
I reckon I'm gonna have to
carry your sweet little ass.
Thank you.
[CASTRO LAUGHING]
CASTRO:
Whoo, that was a good idea!
MICHELLE:
Wait. Where are you going?
CASTRO [IN NORMAL VOICE]:
You stupid enough to think
that I was gonna let you
out of here that easy?
But I've done
everything you said to me!
Please!
You have to let me go!
Maybe I'll let you go,
maybe not.
Maybe I'll let you go
at Christmas.
[**]
No.
BOTH:
* Jingle bells, jingle bells
* Jingle all the way
* Oh, what fun it is to ride
In a one-horse open sleigh *
* Hey
CASTRO:
It's Santa Claus
with a present for guess who.
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING
ON TV]
Ah.
Hey.
Hey, there's rules with TV
just like there's rules
with everything else.
Actually, just, uh,
one rule.
Can you guess what it is?
No, I'm sure
you're gonna tell me.
Ah. No.
No blacks.
No African
-Americans,
or I'll take it away.
[MICHELLE SINGING IN DISTANCE]
[SINGING STOPS]
Do it again.
Sing?
Sing it again.
[PLAYING TUNE]
* Living all alone
In the corners of my mind *
* Hoping and praying and wishing
To see you one more time *
* To see you one more time
* Whoa
You wrote that?
That's beautiful.
You think you could
write something for me?
And I could bring it in,
then I could play lead on it.
It would be really good
for me.
Well, I already wrote
you something.
You already did?
Want to see it?
Sure.
I titled it "Concrete."
"Concrete.
Now I lay here on the floor
shivering and ashamed
because no one truly
loves me
or cares about me."
This is about you, not me.
Yeah?
I wouldn't be so sure.
What are you talking about?
You're in prison.
And it's worse than me
because the prison is you.
You know what?
You're stupider than I thought.
I mean, aren't you cold
yet and shivering
because nobody cares about you?
You shut the hell up!
Shut up!
[DOORBELL RINGING]
[**]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
MAN:
Ariel? Hey.
Come on, open up.
[LOCK CLICKS]
Hey, hermano.
WOMAN: Ariel.
Hola.
Hey, Dad.
Hi.
Thanks for bringing them by.
Ah.
They've been dying
to see you, man.
CASTRO:
Hey, hey, hey.
Where you going?
My room to see
if my uniform's there.
It's not there.
I cleared everything out.
I was just gonna
look anyway.
I said it's not there.
And it's a mess.
Come on, forget about it.
Who wants hot dogs?
Hot dogs?
[BANGING]
What's that?
It's the dog.
I had to lock her upstairs.
She was tearing up my stuff.
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING
LOUDLY ON RADIO]
I've been cooped up
all day inside.
Let's go outside,
everybody.
Come on, go outside.
Let's go.
[SCREAMS]
[MUSIC PLAYING IN DISTANCE]
[**]
Hey.
Don't look scared.
It's okay.
You had to try that once.
[GRUNTS]
One day, you're gonna be
a big, big boy
and you're gonna be the king
of the second basemen.
And guess what.
You watch them
try to get past you.
And I'll be sitting
there so proud.
Who you talking
to in here?
My son.
Well, don't let me
hear it again.
Aw. Ugh.
CASTRO:
You got a visitor.
[DOG WHIMPERING]
A puppy? For me?
Hi, puppy. Come here.
Oh, my gosh,
he's so cute.
Hey, baby puppy.
Come here. Mm.
Come here.
He better only crap
in the box.
Okay, it will.
Come here.
Oh, he's so cute.
Mm, mm, mm.
[LOCK CLICKS]
[**]
Off to work I go.
You be good.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
[WHISPERING]
Oh, my God.
He made a mistake.
He didn't lock it.
[**]
[DOG WHIMPERING]
We're going home.
[GASPS]
You think I'm
that big of an idiot?
Is that what you think? Huh?
Aah!
Oh, my God.
Oh, my knee.
[SOBBING]
You're gonna pray for mercy.
[NECK SNAPS]
[SCREAMS]
You stupid bitch.
You're not what I wanted!
How come I never, ever get
what I want?
Because you're--
Why? Why?
[SOBBING]
[UPBEAT LATIN MUSIC
PLAYING INSIDE]
[FOOTSTEPS]
[WOMAN SCREAMING]
CASTRO:
Shh!
No, please, let her go.
Let her go! No! Run!
Run, run, run!
CASTRO: Come here!
Help us!
Help us! Help us!
Let her go!
Please let her go!
Help us!
[SOBBING]
Anyone that's seen anything
or even thinks they have
call the number on the flyer.
I want my baby girl
to come home to me.
REPORTER:
In the four weeks since
Amanda Berry went missing,
police have yet to come up
with a s--
No, no, no.
[WHIMPERS]
You're
in the front room now.
Who are you?
I'm Michelle Knight.
We had Art together.
You don't remember?
How long have you been
in here?
Since August.
Nine months.
Shh. There's no talking between
you two unless I'm there.
If I hear one word
one of you dies.
[SOBBING]
You got that? Sit down.
[AMANDA SOBBING]
AMANDA:
No, no.
No, please.
Please don't.
Please, please.
No, no, no!
Shh, shh.
[AMANDA SCREAMING
AND SOBBING]
[**]
[AMANDA SOBBING]
Amanda.
AMANDA:
He said not to talk.
You and I need to
come up with a plan
and trick him
so we can get out of here.
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
Amanda.
Please don't talk. Please.
Amanda?
[**]
REPORTER:
On the day that marks
two months
since Amanda Berry disappeared
on her way home from work,
friends, family
and neighbors gathered here
on this busy street corner
where the 17-year-old
was last seen.
They found--
[SIGHS]
[**]
* Row, row, row your boat
Gently down the stream *
[DOOR OPENS THEN SLAMS]
CASTRO:
Crap.
There's a lot of stuff
that she won't do,
so you have to.
Since when did you start
asking for permission?
Hey, why are you only
getting fat in one spot?
I'm not.
Did the moron go
and get herself pregnant?
No.
I'm not--
I didn't.
I'm not having one of your
ugly babies in this house!
[**]
Come here.
Stay away from me.
Come here!
Stay away from me!
[MICHELLE GROANS]
Tomorrow, it better be gone.
[SCREAMS]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[GROANING]
[**]
[SOBBING]
[IN SOUTHERN ACCENT]
Good news, little gal.
I got a job out back that needs
doing, so guess what, missy.
You and me,
we're going outside.
[**]
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Here, put these on.
Come on.
Okay, I need you to hold
these boards while I cut them.
Grip the boards.
You making my coffin?
Well, don't give me
any ideas.
[SAW WHIRRING]
[MOUTHING]
Help.
Hey!
Eyes. Eyes.
Hold the boards.
Hey. Help me.
MICHELLE: Amanda.
AMANDA: Don't talk.
There was a guy outside.
He saw me. He saw the chains.
He saw it all.
He's gonna call the police,
and we're going home.
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
They're here.
The cops are here.
They're coming up.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
[**]
Thank you.
Hey! Hey! Hey.
WOMAN:
You can't touch me!
Did you see what he did to me?
Did you see that?
Amanda, I told you.
They're here.
Thank you.
DISPATCHER 1:
All units respond.
Officer down.
MAN:
All right, I'm good.
I'm good. For real.
I'm good.
Let's go.
You're lucky this time, sir.
DISPATCHER 2:
Two-two-five in pursuit.
OFFICER:
Nine-two-four responding.
[ENGINE STARTS]
No.
[SIREN WAILING]
[GRUNTS]
[**]
JOEY:
Mommy?
[GIGGLING]
Joey?
Mommy?
I'd never leave you.
I'm sorry.
Happy birthday, Joey.
CASTRO:
Pick up the drill.
You're gonna drill two holes
in that baseboard
and then run the chain
in one hole and out the other.
Let's go.
Press it against it.
Press harder.
Push!
[UPBEAT LATIN MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
[WOMAN SCREAMING
IN DISTANCE]
WOMAN:
Get off!
Amanda.
Amanda, are you in there?
AMANDA:
Yes.
[WOMAN CONTINUES SCREAMING]
It was hard to tell
where it was coming from,
there was music playing
but sort of over there.
OFFICER:
Well, I don't hear it now.
It stopped after a few minutes,
that's what scared me.
Well, you hear
any more screaming,
try to be sure you know where
it's coming from before calling.
[INDISTINCT
POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
Have a good night.
REPORTER [ON TV]:
Cleveland's west side
was combed inch by inch
as investigators and volunteers
searched for the missing teen.
Investigators said
that Gina DeJesus
was walking home from middle
school on Friday
with a friend
when they went separate ways
here at the intersection
of Lorraine and 110th.
I brought you some company.
[**]
Sit down.
Cut it short.
Like the Army.
Be back in a minute.
Oh. Every door,
window, has an alarm
so don't be stupid enough
and think about trying anything.
And if you do,
I will kill you
and make the other one
watch.
And no talking.
Just cut it short. Girl,
he's just gonna get mad, okay?
He said not to talk.
Please don't be scared.
We're gonna be okay.
We'll get out.
There's three of us now
so we can outsmart him.
There's three of us?
What are you talking about?
The whole family together
at last.
He offered me a ride.
I'm friends with
his daughter Lianne
so, you know,
I thought it would be okay.
We need to talk about how
to get out of here, okay?
You need to stay alive
for your mom
and your dad
and all your sisters
because they love you.
I can never see them again.
Look at me. I am filthy,
I am dirty.
I think that we can
get out of here together.
I think that
we can get really strong.
And I know his weaknesses,
and we can outwit him.
And you want to know
why else?
Because God...
God is in this room.
[**]
Every day with me,
he's here.
And he has not let me
down yet.
[SOBBING]
I just want my mom.
FELIX:
Today,
on this very painful
anniversary,
there is no way
Nancy and me
could have made it through
this year
without all the support
and love you've given us.
And again, we ask
the people of Cleveland
to notify the police
if you see or hear anything
that can help us find our Gina
and bring her home safe.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING
AND NANCY SOBBING]
[**]
Nancy,
I love Gina.
You know we're all doing
everything
we can to bring
her home.
Bless you, Ariel.
Bless you.
[NANCY SOBBING]
CASTRO:
You got to see what's on TV.
REPORTER: A crowd gathered
Look.
including Gina's family.
Oh, man, look.
Look at the look on
your mom's face.
[CASTRO CHUCKLING]
If she only knew who she
was blubbering all over.
Oh, hey, hey.
Don't cover that beautiful face.
Hey. Dude, I'll do it.
Hey, dude. Let me do it.
Shut up.
I'll do whatever you want.
You're just pissed off
because nobody's holding any
candlelight vigils for you!
That's why I hate you!
Nobody loves you!
Nobody misses you!
Yeah, they do. Yeah, they do!
Yeah, they do!
You hate yourself!
[CASTRO LAUGHING]
Get away!
[**]
Oh, no!
I can't reach you!
[GINA SCREAMING AND SOBBING]
BOTH:
Seventeen, 18,
19, 20.
[MICHELLE GRUNTS]
High five.
I'm bored.
Put on a show.
[**]
He's just gonna feed
our bodies to the dogs.
And my mom's never gonna know
what happened to me.
Come here.
Just leave me alone, okay?
We're gonna get
through this, okay?
The only thing that has
the possibility to kill us
is this freaking cold
right now.
And there's only
one solution for that.
Music time.
There you go. Move.
[UPBEAT POP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER STEREO]
[LAUGHS]
* Get up, get up
'Cause this is the song *
* You been waitin' for
All the boys in the club *
* Get up, get up
All the girls in the-- *
It's been nearly three years
since her teenage daughter
disappeared.
Tonight, the mother
of Amanda Berry is dead.
She fought tirelessly
to keep alive
the memory of her daughter.
Doctors say Louwana died
of congestive heart failure.
Perhaps that's the scientific
term for a broken heart.
WOMAN:
Every minute she told me there
wasn't a second...
[AMANDA SOBBING]
...she wouldn't think
of Amanda.
REPORTER:
Amanda's bedroom
remains unchanged.
Christmas presents.
You know,
I always wished
that she was my mother
and said those things about me.
REPORTER:
--to search for her daughter.
WOMAN:
They're gonna have
to stand before God someday
and see what happens.
[IN SOUTHERN ACCENT]
Today's a special day.
Gonna celebrate.
I got a present for y'all.
I think you're smart
enough by now.
You keep being good,
you can say adis to these.
MICHELLE:
What do you mean by "adis"?
I mean goodbye.
No more locks.
Come on, come downstairs
real quick!
Oh, my God.
Michelle, we're...
We're out.
Come on, Gina.
Oh, my God,
is what you don't realize,
is that he's playing
a trick on us.
CASTRO:
Come on downstairs! Come on!
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
This is why I did all this.
So we could be together
like this.
Like a family.
Okay. Are you ready
for the big announcement?
Okay. Right around
the end of January,
there's gonna be a new member
to our family.
[LAUGHS]
Now, how's that to ring
in the New Year, huh?
[**]
Really?
Yeah.
[DOOR OPENS]
She's in labor.
You screwed up.
MICHELLE: What?
Why is it happening so early?
How far apart are contractions?
Well, how the hell should
I know? Go. Go get the pool.
[AMANDA SCREAMING
AND GROANING]
Move! Move!
MICHELLE:
Careful.
If this baby doesn't
come out alive,
I'm gonna pull this trigger!
AMANDA: I gotta push!
No, don't push. It's too soon.
[SCREAMING]
Stop screaming like that!
She can't help it!
She's in pain.
Gina, come here.
I don't wanna go.
I wanna stay and help.
No. It's not safe here now.
[AMANDA SCREAMING]
[UPBEAT LATIN MUSIC
PLAYING LOUDLY]
AMANDA:
It hurts so much!
Is something wrong?
Whatever's wrong,
you better fix it.
Oh, God.
I think you're ready to push.
Grab her hand. Grab her--
I think it's ready.
I think it's ready--
What did you do to her, bitch?
I didn't do anything to her!
Maybe you dropped her
or something.
I don't know.
All right, push.
Grab. Ready?
Push!
Push. Push! Push, damn it.
It's a girl.
You had a beautiful
baby girl.
Gina, grab the tie.
Grab the tie.
Cut. Cut above--
Cut above the tie.
Is she okay?
Why is she not breathing?
Make her breathe.
You want me
to pull this trigger?
Please, baby.
Oh, my God.
CASTRO: Make her breathe.
Oh, no. Come on. Please.
Please, God. Please.
Please. Please.
[**]
[BABY CRYING]
GINA:
Thank you.
Thank you, God.
[AMANDA SOBBING]
Hey, baby.
CASTRO:
Hey.
I got her. I got her.
My baby.
Get out.
Are you Daddy's
little princess?
Are you my princess?
Huh?
Are you mine, mine, mine?
Are you all mine?
Are you mine, mine, mine, huh?
Oh, you're so beautiful.
It's a big day in
the Castro house.
Okay, Jocelyn.
Can you walk?
CASTRO: Can you walk? Come on.
Come on. Just a few more steps,
Jocelyn. come on.
CASTRO:
Do that again for the camera.
Hey. Yay!
Yay!
[**]
Three, and one for good luck.
CASTRO:
Okay. Make a wish, sweetheart.
So from 9 to 9:30,
we have story time
and then it's Jocelyn's
favorite class of all:
Art class.
Yes.
I love you, Auntie Juju.
I love you, Auntie Chelsea.
Love you. Lookit.
CASTRO:
But who do you love the most?
Daddy.
Oh, this-
- Okay.
It's recess time for
the art teacher. Let's go.
Yeah. I'm two payments behind
on my property taxes
and I could lose my house.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it, I know.
A job will turn up soon.
Bye.
You got that from the trash?
So?
It's perfectly good.
Like I'm not sick enough.
Hey, it's time for my program.
Come on.
Everybody, mandatory.
Chelsea.
Missing the program
is not allowed.
Daddy, we should all go
to the park.
Mommy, Auntie Juju
and Auntie Chelsea too.
No, they can't.
Why not?
Because they can't. Okay?
That's not a good because.
Why can't Auntie Juju
or Auntie Chelsea come?
And why can't I talk
about them to anyone?
CASTRO: Shh.
I want to know why.
Why, why, why.
Okay, will you shut her up?
You gotta be quiet!
Let her go!
She's gotta be quiet!
Let her--
But she's gotta be quiet!
Let her go.
She's gotta stay quiet.
WOMAN 1 [ON TV]:
No, you took it.
WOMAN 2:
I did not.
WOMAN 1:
I told you you
couldn't borrow my stuff.
CASTRO:
After I plant some corn
I'm gonna put in some squash
against the fence.
Why don't you just cut the act?
Okay, you shut up.
Dig.
I will dig.
I'm gonna dig it so deep
that the dogs can't
dig up the evidence
and then I'll dig it big
enough for the three of us.
What are you gonna
tell Jocelyn? Hm?
Okay, I'm warning you.
That her mom just...
Just doesn't love her
and run away?
She won't believe you.
She already hates you,
so you're screwed either way--
You shut up!
This is what
I'm afraid of.
Jocelyn growing up in here
like this.
I'm scared
it could screw her up.
[**]
I never meant for this
to get this big.
You know,
it just got out of hand.
Well, then why don't you
just turn yourself in? Huh?
Maybe if you turned
yourself in,
they won't go so hard
and they'll go easier.
Right.
And let my whole family know
what I've been doing?
Who cares about
what your family thinks?
It's only about God.
Where was God
when he let you get
into my car?
[**]
You know where he was.
The only time that
we don't see him
is when we're scared
to look.
I never meant to hurt you.
Or anybody.
I couldn't help it.
You know
how I got messed up?
You've told me what they had
done to you, and God knows.
He's just waiting for you
to open your heart.
You can ask him to take
the pain away and tell him,
"I'm ready to change."
[UPBEAT POP MUSIC
PLAYING INSIDE]
Do I feel hot?
Mm-hm.
Maybe if we wear disguises,
he'll have a doctor
come look at you.
Oh, I love this song.
[UPBEAT POP MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
Let's dance.
Okay.
All right. Come on.
Hey, I'm going to my mom's
house to get us some food.
You be good.
[**]
JOCELYN:
Why'd Daddy leave
the front door open?
I don't know,
maybe he's still here.
Did you hear his car
drive away?
Yeah.
Mommy, you can't go outside.
Daddy'll get mad.
It's okay,
he'll understand.
Whatever happens now,
I love you, okay?
[**]
Help! Help!
Help!
Help! Help! Help!
Help! I'm Amanda Berry.
I've been locked in here
for 10 years.
You can't be Amanda.
She's dead.
You've gotta get me out.
He'll come back.
I don't understand.
AMANDA: Hurry!
MAN: Get back. Kick it in.
Kick it in.
Daddy, I want my daddy.
It's okay, sweetie.
It's okay.
[UPBEAT POP MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
* When I was young
I used to have a lot of fun *
[SIGHS]
[**]
[OFFICERS CHATTERING]
OFFICER 1:
Cleveland P.D.!
OFFICER 2: Breaching.
OFFICER 3: Two, three.
What was that?
Probably somebody trying
to break in.
But who would wanna
break into this place?
[MAN SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY]
I don't hear Jocelyn.
She's never quiet
for this long.
OFFICER 4: Clear!
[BANGING]
Go hide. Go.
GINA: Okay.
Sounds like there's
two of them.
OFFICER 5:
We're the police.
Is anybody up here?
Michelle.
OFFICER 5:
Police, is anybody up there?
Anybody can say
they're the police
and it could be him
trying to trick us, right?
Get down and stay down
and do not come out
until I say. Okay?
OFFICER 5:
Answer me if you can hear.
FEMALE OFFICER:
Is anybody here?
Hey, come on out.
It's okay.
Hey, we're the police.
You're the police?
[**]
Police?
And you saved us.
MALE OFFICER:
All right.
Thank you. Thank you.
Gina.
Gina, they found us.
We're free.
I'm Georgina DeJesus.
Oh, my Lord. I've been looking
for you for nine years.
MALE OFFICER:
Let's get you out of here.
MICHELLE:
No, no.
Please, he could show up
and kill us.
It's okay,
I won't let you go.
You're safe, it's over.
[**]
One seventeen to base.
DISPATCHER: Go, 117.
MALE OFFICER:
We found them. We found them.
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[CHUCKLES]
I'm coming home, Joey!
I'm free! We're free!
[SOBBING]
REPORTER 1:
All three women were rescued
from a home just now.
REPORTER 2:
An absolutely unbelievable
story.
REPORTER 3:
It was a night full
of emotion and drama.
REPORTER 4:
They were missing
for more than...
REPORTER 5:
--screams from a nearby house.
REPORTER 6:
They also found
Michelle Knight,
who went missing in 2002.
WOMAN [OVER PA]:
Paging Dr. Adler.
Please come to X-ray.
NURSE: Hydrate.
Dr. Adler to X-ray.
No men, no men. Only women.
Okay, men, out.
On my count,
three, two, one, go.
Let's go.
I wanna see my son.
I want him to know
I'm alive, please.
CARLA:
Well, look who's awake.
Good morning.
How do you feel?
REPORTER [ON TV]:
Three men are now in custody.
It smells so clean.
So clean.
I wanna see my son.
DOCTOR:
Do you know
where we can contact him?
I don't know.
He went into a foster home
right before he took--
He took me.
Do you think anybody here
could help me?
Don't worry.
We'll look into it for you.
Is there any family
we can call for you?
Nobody that wouldn't know how
to find me if they wanted to.
The other girls
returned home.
Amanda Berry's family
lets us know
her and her daughter
are doing well.
They ask that we give them
their privacy
for this time of healing
and recovery.
And in other news.
Oh, my.
Hello.
Oh, my goodness.
Would you look at all that?
I swear, we need to give
some of this away.
Yes.
Except for this one.
What a cutie.
Aww. Joey would love this.
I keep forgetting
that Joey's almost 16 now.
I wonder if I would even
recognize him at this point
or if he would remember me.
Yeah.
WOMAN:
Can I see her?
CARLA:
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Uh, Jake Solano, FBI.
Can we talk for a minute?
Is that all right?
Jake Solano, FBI?
I think the doctors
promised you something
once you were cleared
for solid food?
MICHELLE:
Mm.
A cheeseburger from
Steak 'n Shake?
Mm-hm. With triple fries
and a cheesecake Blizzard
from Dairy Queen.
[LAUGHS]
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
You are an angel
a million times over. Mm.
Mm. Mm.
[GROANS]
I think I better not rush it.
Oh, here.
Whoa. Whoa, whoa.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean
to frighten you.
It's okay.
I'm sorry.
[**]
You know, whenever
he wanted me to shut up
he would put that kind
of napkin down my throat.
I just wanna find my son.
Have you found my son?
Not yet, but trust me,
we're-- We're on it.
Michelle?
Oh, hey.
Sorry.
Your mother's here.
Can you please tell her
that I'm not up for it today?
Actually, please tell her
that I don't want to see her
or else she's gonna keep
coming back.
Are you sure?
Carla, you've seen parents
of missing children, right?
They keep the kids'
bedrooms intact
as if they never went
missing
or they keep their voice
on the voicemail
so they can listen to
their kid's voice again
and again and again
even if it is 10 years.
He always told me
nobody cared, always.
And one time he marched
in my room and he said:
"Told you nobody cared.
Your mom packed up
and moved to Florida."
There was never one candlelight
vigil for me. Okay?
[**]
[CARLA CLEARS THROAT]
Thank you.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER TV]
I was beginning to think
the world was just all blurry.
Your therapist was here
again to see you.
I'm not--
I'm not ready yet, please.
REPORTER [ON TV]:
Ariel Castro standing
in the court
during the arraignment,
eyes cast down all the time
never looking up
at anyone.
No other reaction from the man.
Also with him
were his two brothers,
who have been eventually
released.
[**]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
So when will I get to put Joey's
school picture in this frame?
Well, it's about waiting for
the adoption agency
to respond to our request.
You, um--
You gonna be okay here?
Yeah, am I gonna be okay?
A queen-size bed and all these
chairs to sit in just for me
for the first time in my life?
Yes, I'm gonna be great.
Well, then I'm glad
you're happy.
And I'll check in on you
as soon as I can.
Okay.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
[**]
MICHELLE:
I miss him so much.
It's like, what does
he even look like?
I wonder
if his name is still Joey.
Michelle, I've been
talking to my parents
and... I don't know.
Maybe I just...
I just need to start
living my normal life.
Just for right now.
What do you mean?
You can't just pretend
like this never happened
and go back.
Look, um, I'll see you
again soon, okay?
I promise.
Just not right away.
I'm sorry.
[**]
I love you.
I love you too.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Hi.
So did you find Joey?
Um. I think maybe
you should sit down.
Joey's foster parents
adopted him
when he was 4 years old
and they've decided
that it's not in his best
interest to see you.
He's-
- He's doing well.
They just don't want any of
the commotion and attention
to upset his life.
But I'm not trying
to upset him.
I just wanted to hold
and hug him.
And just tell him that
I love him. Can I just do that?
Well, we raised the possibility
of a supervised visit.
They made it very clear on what
they thought was best for him.
Is his name
even Joey anymore?
I can't tell you that,
I'm sorry.
May I see a picture,
please?
I got the strong sense
that they're most comfortable
with no contact whatsoever.
I did talk to a family lawyer
I know.
According to him,
in a situation
where the birth mother
was not consulted
the adoption can be voided.
Would you talk to him
about that?
[**]
Do you mind if I have some
time by myself, please?
[SNIFFLING]
[SOBBING]
Michelle?
Hey.
I'm sorry if I'm intruding.
You know, I--
No, you're not.
I wanted to talk to you
about something.
Anything.
You know,
I always saw myself,
more than anything,
as Joey's mother.
Mm.
And I know that
I will be somebody.
But I don't want
a family lawyer.
You know, Joey,
he's happy now, you know?
He has a family
and a life.
And I don't wanna go
blowing that up.
It just doesn't feel right
to me.
You're sure?
Yeah.
It hurts like you wouldn't
believe, but I'm sure.
You're an amazing woman,
Michelle.
I don't know how amazing
I am, you know?
I don't even really know
how Michelle I am.
Maybe I am stronger
than I would have been
had I not gotten into
that truck, you know?
Mm.
I mean, I literally did not know
where I was going that day.
[SNIFFLING]
But that was the caterpillar,
you know?
And now I'm ready
for butterflies.
MAN [ON TV]:
And this was one
of the crimes of the century.
WOMAN:
Jeff, I want to ask you
about Michelle Knight
one of the victims
in this case.
She may appear in person in
the courtroom to give her say.
I find that unbelievably
courageous,
a woman who's been through
this hell.
Keep in mind, this man kept her
in a darkened room
for much of the time.
She was chained up.
Fed her once a day.
She became pregnant
and he...
[**]
CASTRO:
You're ugly.
You're stupid!
Nobody loves you!
Nobody's looking for you!
Gonna break your face!
You're not having my baby!
I hate you!
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
MICHELLE:
My name is Michelle Knight,
and I would like to tell you
what this was like for me.
I missed my son every day
and I wondered if I was ever
gonna see him again.
I cried every night
because I was so alone.
[**]
The days never got shorter.
Days turned into nights,
and nights turned into days.
And the years turned
into eternity.
I knew at that point,
nobody cared about me.
Ariel Castro,
you took 11 years
of my life away.
And I have got it back.
I spent 11 years in hell
and now your hell
is just beginning.
The death penalty
would be so much easier.
You don't deserve that.
You deserve to spend
a life in prison.
I can forgive you
but I can't forget.
[**]
With the guidance of God
I will prevail
and help others
that suffer at the hands
of others.
Writing this statement
gave me the strength
to be a stronger woman
and I know there is more good
than there is evil.
I know that
there's a lot of people
going through hard times.
But we need to reach out
a hand and hold them
and let them know
that they're being heard.
After 11 years,
I'm finally being heard
and it's liberating.
Thank you all.
I love you.
And God bless.
[**]
* Living all alone
In the corners of my mind *
* Hoping, praying, wishing
To see you one more time *
* Living alone
My baby's shadows *
* Dance across the wall
* In my dreams I hold you
And never let you fall *
* Living all alone
In the corners of my mind *
* Hoping, praying, wishing
To see you one more time *
* See you one more time
One more time *